3 theorem updates from zero-dim. to str. zero-dim., and a theorem for when str. zero-dim. implies zero-dim. (#1417)
pi-base/data: theorems/T000768.md

---
uid: T000768
if:
  and:

>   - P000012: true
>   - P000217: true

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - P000217: true
  - P000012: true
```
swapping the order is better here

then:
  P000050: true
---

> If $x\in U$ where $U$ is open, then there exists zero-set $Z$ and cozero set $W$ such that $x\in Z\subseteq W\subseteq U$. Since $X$ is strongly zero-dimensional we can find clopen set $V$ such that $x\in Z\subseteq V\subseteq W\subseteq U$. So $X$ is zero-dimensional.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If $x\in U$ where $U$ is open, then there exists zero-set $Z$ and cozero set $W$ such that $x\in Z\subseteq W\subseteq U$. Since $X$ is {P217}, we can find clopen set $V$ such that $x\in Z\subseteq V\subseteq W\subseteq U$. So $X$ is {P50}.
```
